Correcting the docs for label kubernetes.io/metadata.name (#30631)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints.md

Used on: Namespaces

> The [`Control Plane`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/components/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kubernetes {{< glossary_tooltip text="control plane" term_id="control-plane" >}}
```

> The Kubernetes {{< glossary_tooltip text="control plane" term_id="control-plane" >}}

Reviewer 2: The API server sets this label… that's a meaningful distinction from "control plane" (even though the API server is part of the control plane), since it indicates the label is not set by a controller (and is not set asynchronously)

Reviewer: How about, then:
```markdown
The Kubernetes API server (part of the {{< glossary_tooltip text="control plane" term_id="control-plane" >}})
```
?

Reviewer 2: that sgtm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kubernetes API server (part of the {{< glossary_tooltip text="control plane" term_id="control-plane" >}})
```

> sets this label on all namespaces. It is **mandatory** to `set a label`
> on all the namespaces. The label value is set to the name of the namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sets this label on all namespaces.The label value is set to the name of the namespace.
You can't change this label's value.
```
